Kotlin sdk catnip update (#389)
configcat/docs: website/docs/sdk-reference/kotlin.mdx

All comparators support `String` values as User Object attribute (in some cases they need to be provided in a specific format though, see below), but some of them also support other types of values. It depends on the comparator how the values will be handled. The following rules apply:

**Text-based comparators** (EQUALS, IS ONE OF, etc.)
* accept `String` values,
* all other values are automatically converted to `String` (a warning will be logged but evaluation will continue as normal).

**SemVer-based comparators** (IS ONE OF, &lt;, &gt;=, etc.)
* accept `String` values containing a properly formatted, valid semver value,
* all other values are considered invalid (a warning will be logged and the currently evaluated Targeting Rule will be skipped).

**Number-based comparators** (=, &lt;, &gt;=, etc.)
* accept `Double` values and all other numeric values which can safely be converted to `Double`,
* accept `String` values containing a properly formatted, valid `Double` value,
* all other values are considered invalid (a warning will be logged and the currently evaluated Targeting Rule will be skipped).

**Date time-based comparators** (BEFORE / AFTER)

> * accept `DateTime` and `DateTimeTz` values, which are automatically converted to a second-based Unix timestamp,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* accept `com.soywiz.klock.DateTime` values, which are automatically converted to a second-based Unix timestamp,
```
